Oh
blue my ass away the pubic games I still
have a collapsed lung from that match
your life ends here alright so this is
the boss you see his name boss van
Berlin killer yep okay that's his name
van cortlandt killer van cortlandt
killer is that one word now fan is
separate cuz cuz he lives in a van down
by the river mm-hmm biscuit so yeah he
is a free tough you want to avoid his
tornadoes at first and then he'll swing
his arms before the swing his arms
around then you can go in for a slice
and then back away okay that's strategy
for the first part
okay how do you know what the psych
report starts Lisi you trigger a quick
time event and what happens is you cut
off one of his arms I want to cut off
one of his arms is attacked changes
slightly something more difficult no
just different which is taken so after
you cut off his arm pick up his arm or
walk up to them and hit it with it it'll
do good amount of damage you'll get one
hit with it oh that's to bed and then
there are some health pills there's some
boxes in the end of the level that you
can open if your need for health I think
I get them later on
that they come in handy and you know
it's only one life and if you screw up
you have to do that motorcycle part
again Phantom killer or maybe it's fawn
on named video and for me wrong I'll fix
it for you jack so he doesn't live in a
fog so as new his new thing is he swings
around then puts his arm down and likes
wins his body around like that oh that's
gonna cool and so after he does that go
in for the head it has some very
creative attacks back away she like
so I missed the put time of anything
oh is this another one or did he just
get you got me at him he got me ok so
I'm going to pick up the health now
would you hear the announcer no that's
what i call one hell of a blowjob oh why
was the Snowman smiling I don't know
because he saw the snowblower coming
haha good one yeah I'd love actually
major yeah was the best kind of my
likeness yeah any ones that involve food
also well poo definitely bridges all
generational differences any
generational gaps question so that makes
more sense fridge and abs mm-hmm so yeah
that's pretty much it once you can
trigger that next cutscene you cut off
his other arm and give them a taste of
his own next so any tips for the last
part of this class it looks like you're
almost dead here you know like once you
trigger the last oh your money Oh as
long as you can why go fast right did
you have any problems doing any of the
QuickTime events reading stuff to why
bill as fast as you can not on this one
I did with that last boss the cowboy
over the Mexican cowboy on roller skates
yep
some great sound effects yeah definitely
Oh